feat: make republish action possible run without dead-loop (#13516)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-13516.en.md

Add a `direct_dispatch` argument for `republish` action.

When `direct_dispatch` is set to `true` (or rendered as `true` from template) the message will be directly dispatched to subscribers.

> This can be used to avoid to trigger other rules or recursively trigger the slef-rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used to avoid triggering other rules or recursively trigger the self-rule.
```
